**Package name: HAProxy**

**Currency Checklist:**

Tasks | Details 
-- | --
Check the Latest stable version |  v2.7.0 (https://github.com/haproxy/haproxy/tree/v2.7.0)
Provide list of supported distros mentioned by community. Share link for reference.<br><br>Add support for following   Distros:<br>  RHEL 7.8, RHEL 7.9, RHEL 8.4, RHEL 8.6, RHEL 8.7, RHEL 9.0, RHEL 9.1, SLES12 SP5, SLES15 SP3, SLES15 SP4, Ubuntu 18.04(LTS), Ubuntu 20.04(LTS), Ubuntu 22.04(LTS),  Ubuntu 22.10 <br> Supported distro list should match   what community claims. If any community claimed distro is not worked on, give   appropriate reasons. |  **Community supports for Ubuntu, RHEL and SLES distros (https://www.haproxy.com/documentation/hapee/latest/getting-started/installation/linux/)**
Package   available in distribution? If yes, list distos along with versions available |   **RHEL (8.4, 8.6, 8.7) have 1.8.27<br>RHEL (9.0,9.1) has 2.4.7<br> SLES 12 SP5 has 1.6.15<br>SLES 15 SP3 has 2.0.14<br>SLES 15 SP4 has 2.4.8<br>Ubuntu 18.04 has 1.8.8<br>Ubuntu 20.04 has 2.0.29<br>Ubuntu (22.04,22.10) has 2.4.2**
Languages used – List all the languages used in Source. <br><br>Update the Package Status excel sheet <br>https://ibm.ent.box.com/file/910316005555 |   **C-98.3%  	Shell-0.6% 	Makefile-0.5% 	Python-0.2% 	Lua-0.1% 	Vim 	Script-0.1% 	Other-0.2%**
CI/CD info: <br> Community using any CI/CD tool? Yes/No<br>If yes, answer questions in the next column for each CI/CD tools<br><br>If Z is not already part of CI then look for chances to add Z support, share details like how to enable, etc, discussion is needed before we decide what to do.  |  **Github Actions (https://github.com/haproxy/haproxy/actions) public CI/CD info. found**  <br>1. Is Z part of the CI? If yes, working properly & build succ? **Yes**<br> 2.  List archs being built**aarch64, arm-linux, hppa-linux, m68k, mips,mips64, mipsel, ppc64le, riscv64, s390x, sh4, saprc64**<br>3. Is the package cross compiled? **Yes**<br>4. Is this CI responsible for releasing any build artifact (e.g., binary/docker image/operator)  **NO**<br>5. Is this CI for build only? **build and test**<br>6. Is testing part of the CI (What kind of testing. E.g. unit test, integration test) **VTest**<br>7.   Is CI part of PR checks or PR merge commits? **No** <br><br> **Cirrus CI (https://github.com/haproxy/haproxy/blob/master/.cirrus.yml)** <br>1. Is Z part of the CI? If yes, working properly & build succ? **NO**<br> 2.  List archs being built**FreeBSD**<br>3. Is the package cross compiled? **No**<br>4. Is this CI responsible for releasing any build artifact (e.g., binary/docker image/operator)  **NO**<br>5. Is this CI for build only? **build and test**<br>6. Is testing part of the CI (What kind of testing. E.g. unit test, integration test) **VTest**<br>7.   Is CI part of PR checks or PR merge commits? **No** <br><br> **Travis CI (https://github.com/haproxy/haproxy/blob/master/.travis.yml)**1. Is Z part of the CI? If yes, working properly & build succ? **Yes**<br> 2.  List archs being built**ppc64le, s390x, arm64, arm64-graviton2**<br>3. Is the package cross compiled? **Yes**<br>4. Is this CI responsible for releasing any build artifact (e.g., binary/docker image/operator)  **NO**<br>5. Is this CI for build only? **build and test**<br>6. Is testing part of the CI (What kind of testing. E.g. unit test, integration test) **VTest**<br>7.   Is CI part of PR checks or PR merge commits? **No**<br><br> **CirrusCI is OSS and Community previously tried to add support to ppc64le and s390x arch (https://github.com/iusrepo/infrastructure/issues/10). They were able to pass tests ppc64le distro(https://github.com/cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs/issues/263#issuecomment-754874210), but their metering does not currently support seconds and are looking forward to bring z-arch to OSS   (https://github.com/cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs/issues/263#issuecomment-770980305)<br> FreeBSD has lower compute credit for 1000hrs of CPU usage(https://github.com/cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs/blob/c141e66a1f0803ec741a6dc86d6d38fc573978db/docs/pricing.md)  **
Binary info:<br>Are Binaries (in any format) available? If yes, provide details: <br><br>If Binary is not available for Z then look for chances to add Z support, share details like how to enable, etc, discussion is needed before we decide what to do.  |  **No binary available for any arch** <br> 1.List all architectures (including no-arch/no-mention) for which binaries are available and share link to download.**NA**<br>2. Provide details on how it is built e.g. cross vs native **NA**<br>3.	Tools being used to create binary **NA**<br>4.	CI responsible for releasing the binary**NA**<br>5.	Is emulator used?**NA**<br>6.	Verify/test binaries and share results. **NA** <br><br> 
Docker Image info:<br> Dockerfile/images available externally for Intel?If Yes, provide details: <br> <br>If docker image is not available for Z then look for chances to add Z support, share details like how to enable, etc, discussion is needed before we decide what to do. |  1.	Intel Dockerfile link: **https://github.com/docker-library/haproxy/blob/master/2.7/Dockerfile**<br>2. s390x Dockerfile link (Maintained by us / Community):**Community https://github.com/docker-library/haproxy/blob/master/2.7/Dockerfile**<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2.1 If maintained by us,      Dockerfile should be provided and should as close to Intel as possible. Provide difference with Intel if any and why<br>3.	Docker image link (for s390x and other platforms (Intel, amd, ppc64 etc): <br>(Search as many keywords as u can think of – e.g.  dockerhub, google, gcloud , Rhel registry etc)**https://hub.docker.com/_/haproxy/tags?page=1&name=2.7.0**<br>4.	Mention the CI responsible for building   and publishing docker image.**Github Actions(https://github.com/docker-library/haproxy/actions)**<br>5.	Is emulator used?**No**<br>6.	Mention tools used to build the image.**bashbrew**
Operator info:<br> Are Operators available?   If yes, provide details:| 1. Which arch and where to find it (link should be provided). **No** <br>2.   Generated from their CI/CD? **No**
PR info:<br> Are there any code changes needed for this release?If Yes, If yes, list them all in the next column and answer question for each. | 1.	Should the code changes be PRed? If yes provide PR link. If Not PRed, provide reasons on why not. **No**
Issues info:| <br>1. Any issue created with community (GitHub, JIRA, Bugzilla etc)?If Yes, provide issue link.**No**<br>2. Check if there are existing open issues/PR’s and if it's still valid for this release. **No existing PR/Issues with the community** 
Internal Deliverables: | 1.	Created Test reports (Table format)?Use test result template**No**<br>2.	Is Zenhub issue updated with all UpToDate info including informal community communications**Yes**<br>3.	List down detailed Steps followed to verify the package. Give reference link as well. Also Attach a proof of verification on the ZenHub issue **Verified by referring to Web UI (https://serversforhackers.com/load-balancing-with-haproxy)**
External Deliverables: | 1.	Build Instructions <br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1.1	Is BI updated?**Yes**<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1.2	List all the changes done with respect to published version**a) added support for UB22.10, RHEL8.7,9.1 distros<br>b)Updated the version to v2.7.0**<br>2.	Scripts <br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2.1	Is Script updated?**Yes**<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2.2	List all the changes done with respect to published version**a) added support for UB22.10, RHEL8.7,9.1 distros<br>b)Updated the version to v2.7.0**<br>3.	Dockerfile  <br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3.1	Is Dockerfile updated?**not maintained**<br>
External table changes required? Add details about external table changes required (If any) (Check links, distro etc.) |**No**
Actual efforts (In   hours) | **8hrs** 
Calendar   Time (actual Start and End Date in yyyy/mm/dd) |  **2022/12/20-2022/12/21**
